9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon Man with Annabelle
Jewelers. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. And
our top stories this morning, Asian
stocks sliding as a rotation out of tech
shares continues to gather pace on Wall
Street. Fears of disruption from AI
still rippling through markets. We speak
exclusively this hour with Taiwan
Silicon Motion about their latest
results [music] and outlook when it
comes to the memory chip business. Also
ahead, President Trump talks trade in
Taiwan with China Xi Jinping ahead of a
planned face-to-face meeting later this
year.
>> Plus, we're talking dim sum with the CEO
of the dim sum chain, Tim Hoan, joining
us to talk about expansion plans in Hong
Kong and beyond. [music]
>> And I'm April Hong at the Malaysia
Economic Forum in Koala Lumpur, where
policy makers and experts [music] are
charting the nation's socioeconomic
agenda. Later in the show, we'll speak
to the China backed Asian Infrastructure
Investment Bank about how it's seeking
to bridge infrastructure gaps [music] in
Southeast Asia.
[music]
Yes. the BN the BN headline says itself,
right? This tech selloff and snares all
stocks and AI's path. We thought at
least parts of this, you know, the
region would be kind of spared from it
just given that, you know, this focus on
hardware and the like, but really what
we heard from Anthropic this week is
really continuing to roll the software
side of the story here and really kind
of question, you know, is it enough on
some of these AI tools to eradicate an
entire industry? Certainly, that's going
to be a key question and why we're
seeing this rotation so fierce once
again. Yeah, because it's not just the
speed, it's also the breadth and also
that sort of understanding that this
time around we're not really concerned
so much about AI bubbles or fears of
circular deals. You're actually talking
about entire business models that are
potentially at risk of displacement. So,
yeah, we're focused on legal stocks this
week or or the legal changes because
that's what the Claude Co-work is doing,
giving extra capabilities in that space,
but it's not to say that tomorrow, next
week, next month, it can't be another
sector entirely. So, it's certainly
something that has a ways to to to play
out. But in terms of how that's actually
going into the market today as well,
because I think to your point, a lot of
investors we've spoken to this week have
said that yeah, Asia is more insulated.
It's got more of the hardware plays.
It's more it's further up that AI value
chain as well, but you're still seeing
tech that's really leading the sell off
in the session today.
>> Yeah, I think Alphabet with that massive
sort of capex number came out that did
kind of spook the market in some ways as
well. I think that continues that that's
why you're seeing some pronounced
selling with with Korea and Taiwan
coming online right now and we are
seeing the TX decline quite a bit here
too.
>> Yeah, we've actually just we can show
that now cuz we're down 1.2% at the
start of trade and to and to your point
I mean that was sort of the thing you've
got this huge capex from Alphabet.
Totally blows past any estimates for
this year. You would think that that
some of it the beneficiaries of that
would be the likes of Honhe for instance
or or Skhinx but we get get to that in a
moment. just to say that this is what
we're seeing across the board here
today. So you got the nicke that's sort
of just trending flat but mostly stocks
are very much in the red really being
led there by the Cosby off 2.3%. So uh
let's also take a look as I said that
alphabet story that capex plan as well.
It should be something that gives
benefit to to these players in North
Asia in particular Korea and also
Taiwan. But again broad-based selling so
far in the session and taking a look
what we can expect ahead of the China
open today because uh big focus is going
to be on BU that's another really
interesting tech story for us because
they've just approved rather a share
buyback program. Got that dividend
planned as well for the first time ever.
Uh but but lots of other things to track
in China today.
>> Yep. In terms of your agenda, we
mentioned about that buy by buy do
buyback. Say that 10 times. HS Tech,
we're still on bare market watch here
today. We maybe we'll see how things
play out here. But what you're seeing in
Korea, what you're seeing in Taiwan,
we'll see if that kind of filters
through into the HS session as well. But
yes, that rotation that you're seeing uh
that is happening in in the HSI as well.
We take a look at what Banks of Property
has been doing. Uh Jeno Solar, that's an
interesting one to watch here as well.
Uh Tiani Lithium. So, Jeno Solola
denying a cooperation with Musk's team.
There was, you know, some reports that
they had met in some ways. Uh, Tangi
Lithium also resuming trading here
today. Uh, there was some sort of, you
know, disagreement when it comes to
their placing. And so, um, we'll see how
that all plays out here today. Uh, when
it comes to some of the bond offerings
and the like here, sectors include
critical minerals, energy, crypto,
right? That continues to be doing its
own thing.
>> Oh, crypto. It's so interesting. Really?
[laughter]
I track it every day because
>> did I trigger you?
>> You kind of
>> crypto [laughter]
because you're back down around 70,000
now for for Bitcoin. And it's just
exceptional really how much the
narrative has shifted in the past
several weeks now really. But just sort
of the catalyst that crypto should have
been responding to like for instance
dollar moves or or commodity moves, AI
moves, it's just not playing out.
>> Yeah. Um Yeah. And you talk about now
it's the AI angst as well. Um and and
Bitcoin still continues to really uh go
the other way, right? The AIS has really
helped wipe hundreds of billion dollars
off the value of tech stocks, not just
in the software sector, but really
across the board as we've been talking
about. Here to tell us more is our
executive editor for Asia Markets, Paul
Dobs, and he joins us from Singapore.
Paul, um yeah, I don't know where to
start. The sell-off continues here in
Asia. What is your team watching out for
today?
>> Yeah, hi, good morning. Well, I think
you know there's good news and bad news
about what we're seeing right now
because yes, those technology companies
are under pressure. Um, but if you look
at what happened in the US market
yesterday, we actually had more stocks
rising than falling and of course the
equal weighted uh measure of the S&P
hitting a new record high. So what it's
telling you is um yes there's a little
bit more doubts about the technology
sector but there's actually quite a lot
of underlying optimism about the
strength of the US economy right now
which is why people are more confident
in the small caps um in the industrials
in the in the value stocks and so on. So
that's one thing I think to keep in
mind. You know this is a little bit more
concentrated in that and so it doesn't
it's not entirely clear to me if people
are turned off tech uh because they're
worried about tech or because they're
more excited about other things and
opportunities out there. So that's one
thing I think to keep in mind too. Yes,
as you you and Belle were discussing, I
think more saliently in particular those
companies whose business models are
under threat because of what AI can do
are having a bad time of it, a real
tough time of it at the moment. And I
think that the big thing here is, you
know, these are massively disruptive
times, right? Uh you've got um the
possibility that AI is going to be able
to do all sorts of things that we didn't
think were possible two or three years
ago. You've also got, you know, like at
the start of this week, I was just
astonished. I think that people um
didn't didn't even shrug was the big
tell actually that Elon Musk is talking
about putting 1 million satellites into
space to run data centers in the stars.
Love it. But you know kind of like this
is the kind of thing that people can
talk about and it's no longer just
science fiction. It's something that
people are taking as a actual genuine
okay yeah maybe not for a while but this
is the direction that we're going on.
And so I think that, you know, there
there's cause for optimism in parts of
the tech space and at the same time, you
know, caution over how much it's all
going to cost and who's actually going
to be able to pull it off.
>> So what does that mean then for the
rotation trade in Asia? Because I think
one of the interesting things is maybe
there is sort of a a crossover where
you've got people that are not sure
about sort of the business model for AI
or that amount of spending but also kind
of looking to maybe be a little bit more
insulated in in these small caps as
well. Is the extent of what you see in
the US market also translating to this
region?
I think it's a little bit dubious as
well because yes okay so software
companies don't get me wrong right
across the region had a bad day
yesterday and are still looking under
pressure I guess again today um but
that's offset to a certain extent big
picture by the fact that the companies
that are making the implements that
build out the data centers that power
the AI are a lot of them are here and so
a lot of them will benefit kind of for
being at the start of that cycle rather
than the end of it today I think it's
more about that sort of momentum uh
trading and using tech as a overall
sector. So there's a little bit more
indiscriminate selling going on. But
maybe that doesn't take so long to flush
out. And you know, as I said, I think
that there's still other reasons for
optimism about not just the US economy,
but actually the global economy for that
matter. So you may see some of the more
u tech light uh gauges in our region
outperforming today, just as we saw um
that happening in the US uh stock market
as well.
>> Paul, thanks very much for joining us.
That was our executive editor for Asia
Markets, Paul Dobson there in Singapore.
And actually a company earning we
haven't spoken about is Qualcomm as well
because we got that quite tempered
forecast uh for the current period, but
concerns really about how that's also
going to play out for consumer demand
for for the devices market too. So just
a reminder, we do have a big interview
with Qualcomm coming up. We've got the
CEO Cristiano Ammon on Bloomberg
television or Bloomberg Tech rather in
particular. But tune in for that
conversation uh coming up uh you know I
guess in a several hours from now really
>> on the times on your screen.
>> Yes, that's what I needed to say. That's
what [laughter] I needed to say. It was
so straightforward.
>> Let's get to our other top story here
this morning. President Trump and that
unexpected phone call I think for all of
us that when we saw that headline here
with the Chinese President Xi Jinping
will come to the White House. They
confirmed towards the end of the year.
Now this after he had a long thorough
and excellent phone call with shei on
the phone on Wednesday and he spoke with
NBC News's anchor Tom Limus earlier.
>> What did you talk about with the leader
of China?
>> A lot of topics we talked about.
>> What's the most important topic? Is it
is it chips? Is it the wars in Ukraine?
What is going on?
>> I mean I would say the economy, the
relationship that we have with China. Uh
I'm going to be going there in April.
Then he's coming here at toward the end
of the year.
>> Coming to the White House.
>> He's coming to the White House.
toward the end of the year. We have a
very good relationship and you know it's
important that I have a good
relationship and for him that he has a
good relationship with me. We have to
have a good these are the two most
powerful countries in the world.
>> All right, let's bring in our China
correspondent Mllo on on how did both
sides portray this phone call? Well,
obviously it seems to be a very fruitful
one because President Trump ended up
inviting SE to visit before the end of
the year and obviously it's a reciprocal
move after he committed to visiting
China in April and the tone from
President Trump was very positive. If
you look at his true social post, he
talked about how everything was quote
all very positive and his relationship
his personal relationship with
presidency was extremely good. uh he
talked about a range of issues
everything from Taiwan to Iran to
Ukraine but also trade issues like
China's commitment to buy 20 million
tons of soybeans this harvest and 25
million tons next harvest also oil and
gas purchases from China as well but if
you look at the Chinese readout though
the tone is a lot more serious right it
talked about how China always aligns its
words with action which is I think I'm
reading it as a hint that they expect
the US to do the same as well and it
explicitly stated one particular issue,
Taiwan as the most important issue in
USChina relations and urging the US to
exercise utmost caution when it comes to
arm sales and warning that China will
never allow Taiwan to be separated from
it. And of course, this is a reaction to
that arms deal, one of the largest ever
uh between US and Taiwan last year
totaling about 11 billion and that led
to this huge military military drills
around Taiwan last year. It was a very
busy day of diplomacy for for President
Xi in particular because not only did he
have that call with with Trump, he also
spoke with President Xi. So, President
Putin rather in from Russia. So, how did
that conversation go?
>> Yeah, that was a 1 and a half hour long
conversation. It was a video call uh and
according to Tess, it was also, you
know, a video call where they talked
about Venezuela, they talked about Cuba,
they talked about Iran. And it's
interesting if you look at Chinese media
coverage of People's Daily, the the
party mouthpiece, you would see that the
coverage of the C uh uh C Trump uh C
putin call has much greater space on the
front page than the C Trump phone call.
So you can see the C Trump phone call is
on the top right side. Uh the one with
the two pictures, that's a C Putin call.
So that shows you that the relationship
with Putin is still extremely important
to China. And no surprise because it's
coming at a time where the US is
weighing an attack on Iran where Trump
has threatened 25% tariffs and countries
that trade with Iran and China is a
major trading partner and analysts have
been saying that Russia and China they
both view Iran as this lynch pin in the
Middle East that could counterbalance
against the US. And of course there's
also that critical mineral summit
happening in the US as well. Another
reason that push Russia Russia and China
together.
>> Yeah. And perhaps why they had that call
first. um before the one with Trump. All
right, Minman, thank you. Our China
correspondent, Min Low there on Yeah.
all these phone calls that happened
there in the last few hours or so. Still
ahead on the China show, we talked to
the CEO of dim sum restaurant chain, Tim
Moana, you hungry yet? Yeah, we're going
to get hungry soon [music] as they open
their 10th store in Hong Kong and
doubling their footprint here at home.
Yeah, counting down as well to the open
of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong
Kong. Futures are looking like we're
going to open a little bit to the
downside, but really tracking that
overall sentiment we have in market
trading today as well. [music]
more ahead. You're watching the China
Show.
[music]
All right. When it comes to whether you
like A or H shares, I mean sometimes of
late it really has been more favorable
of A, right? You take a look at what's
been going on with HS Tech and really
kind of has been falling with all these
headlines around AI, the software story
that seems to be royal there. You have
also concerns about VAT tax hikes in the
tech sector and the like, which you know
they're trying to at least dispel some
of those rumors out there. But then
again, uh, HStech has been seeing a
pretty kind of miserable month really of
late.
>> Yes, certainly it's really been I mean
we're a couple of points now away from a
20% draw down I think for the benchmark.
So something that we could even hit in
the session today and of as you say it's
it's not just sort of like the the
concerns around the the local story but
but really it's more of a global one as
well.
>> Yeah I mean what we're seeing is this
just you know rotation rupture is it a
fundamental break in how we look at the
AI story that certainly is one thing
that we're questioning here as well.
Here to join us is Shiral Lee, a share
strategist at Citic CLSA. And and Sher,
it's great to have you.
>> Thanks for having
>> um we've been seeing this rotation out
of of out of you know, you know, big
growth stocks into small caps, not just
globally, but also in China as well.
>> How are you seeing this sort of rotation
here right now? Does it have legs? Well,
actually, you know, for the spring rally
in China market, especially for Asians,
it usually started with small caps
because you uh if you look at year 2024
and 2025, the spring rally may start
some sometime between late December or
early January and they will end by March
or April. So, there's a kind of like a
calendar effect pattern something like
that. And so, for this year, we won't be
surprised to see that small cap lead the
market uh general benchmark. And
especially you know for some large cap
there are some selling pressures from
the ETFs so make the CSI 300 just
temporarily lagging behind those small
cap index and and stocks.
>> A lot of the reason we're seeing that
rotation trade in the US is also because
investors are optimistic about where the
US economy is headed. I don't know if
you can necessarily say the same for for
China's economy in some respects just
because there's still concerns about the
consumer and the property sector as
well. Do you see it being as as
broad-based or are investors also more
selective in in those sectors as well?
>> Oh, yeah. You know, for the spring
rally, I think they tend to be more
selective. uh cuz you know usually for
the first quarter it's there's a vacuum
of policies there's a vacuum of uh
economic data cuz usually we will
combine the economic data in January and
February together to remove uh the
uncertainties from the spring festival
cuz you know the Chinese will take a
very long vacation that will twisted
some the economic data and uh the dates
of the spring festival is uncertain
sometimes late January sometimes early
February no
>> uh a lot of these Asia companies I mean
they're focused on the material side
energy I mean we've saw that sort of
crash some precious metals really hurt
at least some some some sort of you know
retail investor sentiment how do you see
that play out here in the equity space
>> yeah I I think uh we are remain very
constructive for the basic chemicals and
non-ferris metals these upstream
cyclical names I think they will still
be doing quite well for this quarter
even throughout the whole year because
you know the uprising trend of the
prices of those commodities are real so
that's why the investors is are trying
to capture uh those areas that we
believe we'll see a uprising price
rather than the deflationary pressure
also I mean this is reasonable for them
to do so given they still have concerns
about about
>> deflations
so that's more of like the the local
economy and also the policy story that
you reflected on there but how much Asia
is also becoming increasingly I guess
driven by by other dynamics and I'm
talking more about global trends as well
>> yeah so our estimation is that for and
Asia um for those companies who have
listed 20% of their revenues coming from
overseas market they have now
contributed 95% of the net profits uh in
China Asia non-financial universe and
also 39% of the market cap so basically
you can take that the China one-third of
China as are less linked to the onshore
economic uh dynamics
>> okay sure I'll hold that thought we'll
have more from shirhi there as
strategist at citic say he's staying
with us here as we countd down to this
open. You take a look at the pre-market
just opening up. We're pretty flat when
it comes to the Hang Sang. So, uh,
relatively speaking, we're looking a
little bit better for Hong Kong, but
futures are still lower, uh, there by
about 6/10 of 1%. Uh, 694 for dollar
China, and obviously we'll watch what
the FIX tells us here today. 695. So, a
little on the weaker side of things. Uh,
but yes, we recently just had uh an
upgrade or at least a different forecast
from Bank of America here. They're
saying, look, 67 for the the currency
here. really join the likes of Goldman
Sachs and the like. Um, putting
morehead, this is Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> You're watching the China Show and here
are some of the corporate stories that
we're tracking this morning. French
authorities have detained four people
[music] accused of spying for China,
allegedly targeting Elon Musk's
Starlink. A French cyber crime unit says
two [music] Chinese nationals allegedly
tied or tried rather to obtain satellite
data from Starlink as well as other
critical entities including the military
sector. Prosecutors presented [music]
four people to a judge asking that two
be held in custody.
Bloomberg has learned that SpaceX held
meetings last month with banks from
outside the US as it [music] targets a
listing this year. Sources say one group
was made up of European banks and
another included firms from other
regions. We're told that Wall Street
giants, Bank of [music] America, Goldman
Sachs, JP Morgan, and Morgan Stanley are
already lined up to lead [music] the
listing.
BYD sales in Germany surged more than
10fold [music] in January. That's as the
Chinese automaker continues to expand
its Europe's its biggest European
market. It sold more than 2600 new cars
there last month, more than twice as
many as Tesla in the same period.
[music]
BYD first passed its US rival in Germany
and the UK last [music] year.
Uber says it will expand its robo taxi
services [music] to include Hong Kong
and other cities such as Madrid and
Zurich. Hong Kong will be its first robo
taxi market in Asia. The company plans
to make driverless cars one of its key
growth [music] areas and aims to have
them in more than 10 markets around the
world by the [music] end of this year.
All right, your pre-market opening up
here right now and we are lower by about
8/10 of 1%. So we are following some of
the headwinds across global markets and
what we're seeing here in the region on
you know AI concerns uh software you
know certainly when it comes to this
rotation uh how fierce it has been we
can see continue to see that for another
day here. His tech were lower by about a
third 1.3% I should say. Eight shares
are also on offer. Uh 694 for the
currency here right now, but tech
certainly is getting hit once again.
Yeah, that's right. And it's going to be
really interesting to watch BU in the
session today as well because we did
have that company announcing just in the
last couple of hours or hour or so that
they're actually authorizing up to $5
billion of of share buybacks and also
planning to issue their first dividend
in 2026. So that is actually going to be
perhaps bucking the trend in the session
today because you can see it's gaining
2.3% uh so far in the early trade as you
do see uh the the Hangen tech gauge
passing that key level. The other stock
to watch as well or big tech in general
is is again that just that continued
selling pressure you're seeing even
though as we say we have heard from
multiple analysts now that are saying
that North Asia and is relatively more
insulated. Yes, you might see some
initial selling pressure, but not likely
to be as sustained as what we're seeing
in other markets. Still though, that's
red across the board today. Tangi
lithium, this has been a really
interesting one to watch this week
because they actually had to repric
their convertible bond uh and and the
previous one essentially didn't comply
with the Hong Kong stock exchange rules.
So, that conversion price has been
raised to 51.85 Hong Kong dollars.
That's a 15.1%
premium over the placement price of 45
Hong Kong dollars6. But uh they've
reissued this. They've trading is also
going to be resuming as we see [music]
in the pre-market already off more than
4% so far. But you are watching the
China show. We've got the market open
coming up next. As we [music] said, we
are looking for some weakness here today
in the session. But again, tracking what
we're seeing in other markets as we
continue to [music] see these fears
around AI spreading to lots of different
corners. More ahead. This is the China
show. [music]
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open of
markets this morning. And the the
broader story really still relates
around that AI theme and and not
concerns really about circular deals,
but essentially [music] this risk of
displacement and entire industries or or
or models that have been in place for a
long time like what we see in the
software industry for instance [music]
at risk of being displaced. So I think
in Asia today or Hong Kong, it's really
going to be that Hangen [music] tech.
And I have to say some of members of our
Bloomberg intelligence team might be
feeling a little bit vindicated in what
they've been saying for the past few
months which is just [music] the amount
of optimism we've seen for tech in Hong
Kong and that Hangen tech gauge is a
little bit [music] misplaced as well.
Shout out to Robert Lee I guess is that
who you're talking about? But yeah,
Nvidia's Jenz talked about this very
thing, right? I think he was asked about
in a conference and he says, you know,
this is the most ill illegitical
illogical thing in the world, right?
That his take is that better AI doesn't
mean less need for specialized software.
So, you know, would anthropic end up,
you know, replacing industries or would
he rather would they rather sell this
sort of technology to these companies as
well? So, this sort of
>> how do you what would they call it?
SAS software as a service model.
>> SAS apocalypse. That was that was the
word that came out from Jeff. I couldn't
even say it. SASpocalypse. Is it
overdone? Uh it's not quite overdone
here today. If you take a look at what
the the the the headwinds are for this
part of the world, we take a look at
onshore markets or CSI 300 is down about
610 of 1%. Uh similar measure here when
it comes to Shanghai Composite there.
We're just hovering around that 4,000
psychological line here. We're still
watching and tracking what goes on in
commodities as well. So crude is still
uh you know following what we're seeing
in in Brent and and WTI on some of the
Iran sort of risks out there. So
Shanghai crude is up one and a half% or
more. But copper continues to be seeing
a bit of a a top off there. Iron ore is
also lower. We're watching some of these
large caps like Quao. CL all seems to be
in the red here. Cameracon tech also
continues to be that the local chip
maker story continues to be royd uh as
we start to see maybe more of these tech
companies uh get you know those those
H200 uh orders from Nvidia. So that
continues to be one thing that's
weighing on the chip makers in across
the mainland. Hong Kong is looking like
this here right now. We're half of 1%
lower on the hang here. Uh HST if we
continue at this pace we may finally
enter into a bare market uh technically.
So certainly that's going to be one
thing to watch here. But you are seeing
some pronounced moves with mtoan.
Alibaba is down some 2%. 10 cents also
down by 1% or so. Bu as we say bucking
that trend after announcing that $5
billion buyback and the first time
they're giving out a dividend. So
certainly that is the reason why the
stock is up uh by close to 2% here right
now. Uh hang in property still doing
quite well. So the banks and the
property some of the old traditional
factors of and sectors of this market
still seems to be seeing a bit of value
there right now. Uh in terms of Tangi
lithium we're watching of course the A&H
shares resuming trade here today. Uh
they had to repric as as Belle mentioned
earlier that that bond sale here after
what happened with the exchange. So uh
right now we are still seeing those
shares coming back here down 8% for
Tangi Lithium in the 8 share market.
Jeno Solar as well. So there was some
reports that there was some meeting
between Elon Musk and his team. Well,
the company is denying that cooperation
right now. Shares are down close to 9%.
>> All right, let's uh also take a look at
something else that could put stocks a
little bit under pressure today. This is
Beijing of course intensifying efforts
to collect corporate taxes and this is a
move that threatens to pressure earnings
in what is of course already a very
fragile economy as well. But let's get
more of that Asia stocks reporter
Jeannie Yu joining us this morning. So,
Genie, it's an interesting one. The the
taxes not being paid and and authorities
wanting to essentially get that money.
[clears throat] How how widespread is
this issue and and what are the kinds of
companies as well that aren't uh paying
essentially?
>> Yeah, exactly. Um we were a little bit
surprised to realize that starting from
August last year, our data shows
actually more companies um listed in
Beijing and Shanghai, they've been um
requested by the authorities to do some
self inspections and then pay some
overdue taxes. And starting from last
August, we've seen the number of
companies actually is on a rising trend.
And year today, we realized that almost
20 companies that have been asked to,
you know, repay the taxes. Um so um that
is already um almost one/4 of last
year's total um by number. So um that
rising trend actually um um um I think
it's in line with you know the all the
news headlines we've seen recently
especially you know China has been
dealing with a record uh budget deficit
since um you know um you know since
since a long time and also in the
meantime you know the government is
trying to tax the um the um the hidden
overseas investment by some individual
investors. Um I think all of those
adding up um points u point to the fact
that like they really need ways to
expand their uh their their funding
sources when you know the property
market is on a on a downturn trend. Um
yeah and when we talk to investor they
do they do mention that um this is going
to be a trend throughout at least this
year because there won't be a very
effective way for the government to you
know find you know to kind of fill the
the holes you know caused by the the gap
um uh of falling property market.
>> How big of a deal is this then? Do you
think this is really going to continue
to be a new risk when it comes to the
equity market at a time when it is
losing a bit of momentum of late? Um
when we talked to people and they they
did say like it wouldn't be like a broad
you know like oneoff thing you know the
government just ask you to um you know
to pay this tax and that tax but for
some selected areas especially the
companies that has very mature business
that has spable in stable income um
they're at risk of being you know asked
to pay more taxes. Um and for investors
that means like they need to raise their
um tax estimates for those companies in
the coming years and that would hurt
their um ROE and revenue profit growth
projections um and it could it could
pressure their you know their share
prices you know in the near term. All
right, Genie. Thank you, Genie. You
there, our Bloomberg Asia stocks
reporter. Here with us still is Shali, a
share strategist at C S Citic CLSA.
The issue about tax, I mean, there was a
lot of speculation this week about, you
know, hiking VAT taxes in the tech
sector and the like. How should I be
looking at that here? Do you think it's
in some ways going to be weighing on the
earnings of some of these tech companies
or does it have any sort of value here
still?
>> Well, actually, [clears throat] sorry.
the root cause of you know this VAT
thing I from my perspective is that I
think the government have realized that
you [clears throat] know they have been
uh there there are so many loopholes in
the tax system so and some maybe some
local governments they've been quite
loosening about you know these tax
rebates and that becomes the uh the
cause of the over over supply issue so I
mean I mean if you look at the central
government starting from year 2025 they
have been cancelled the VAT tax rebate
to exporters so as to you know last
encouraging some dumping behaviors.
Yeah.
>> So you actually think it's it's a
healthy move essentially?
>> Yeah, it's a healthy move and because if
you look at what they have announced is
that they will also be strict with the
high technology uh corporate certific
certification certification which means
that because you know for for
enterprises who have that certificates
they can enjoy low tax but you know but
but some you know small enterprises they
might they may not even meet up their
standards.
Um tell us a little bit more the
national team. I mean they've they've
stepped in at times when you know they
they've had to buy. I mean recently
they've had to cool down this market.
>> What what role do you think the national
team is going to play now?
>> Well it's kind of like their dual
mandates for the Federal Reserve. There
are also dual mandates for the national
team because you know for one side they
have to be the stabilizer of the market
sentiment which means they have to buy
when they're when the markets are low
and they sell when the market is high.
So that's one of their job. Another job
is actually to be the long-term capital
in the markets. So I think there's a two
strategies for them. One is the more
tactical like the one we saw recently
and the other is more long-term uh buy
and hold. Uh and according to our
estimation, I think the outflows from
those major ATFs has been around 60% of
the original portion original holdings.
So that means probably they have they
should stop here. Yeah. Stop selling.
Yeah. So, so the national team sort of
taken out of the market [clears throat]
at least in in the near term.
>> What do you think then? Does that tell
us that we actually can expect further
gains from here? We were just talk I
mean we showed that chart that yeah As a
shares are a bit more insulated but you
still have H they've got the hang tech
for instance looking at a 20% draw down
today.
>> Yeah. Well actually you know the
national team they don't have any
holdings in Hong Kong shares. So
basically I mean Hong Kong shares
actually been insulated from the from
the national team behavior. Well uh the
sentiment about China the Hong Kong
market is you know usually if you look
at the spring rally pattern is always
the China Asia outperform H at this
moment and also given there's some you
know hit um on the AI thing targeting
the software side I guess some of the
you know technology sectors in Hong Kong
market also kind of bear the brunt
>> um in terms of where you're seeing value
I mean it seems like value is taking
over growth these days. Yeah. uh we've
seen it in property, we've seen it in
financials.
Is there value there do you think in
these trades or or is it more just
tactical at this point?
>> I prefer to be more technical in this uh
issue cuz you know uh I mean it's
naturally it would be uh you know the
investors will seek an safety heaven at
this moment because they feel maybe the
technology has been leading the market
for too too much longer time. So
probably at this moment they might find
trying to find some sectors that at the
lower value valuation. Yeah,
>> earnings wise, what are we expecting?
>> Uh, I would say that we should expect
more policy to support the uh real uh
recovery in the fundamentals, especially
for this traditional sectors. Yeah,
>> Shaha, thanks very much for joining us
this morning. That was Shah Lee, their
Asia strategist at Citic CLSA. And
coming up, we have the big interview
we've been talking about this morning.
This is of course the head of the Hong
Kong dim sum chain, Tim Ho Wine. But
we're going to get a taste of consumer
appetite. That's as they open [music]
their 10th store in Hong Kong. More
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
We're [music] really happy that foot
traffic has picked up. Um we're not as
happy uh at the retail sales. They
haven't picked up [music] the same at
the same pace that uh traffic has.
>> It's it's usually lagging a lagging
indicator, [music] but um we're going to
have to work harder to transmit those uh
foot traffic into sales. Uh, and you
know, right now the the appeal of
Shenzhen is still strong. [music] Hong
Kong people, even though it sounds like
they're going up a little bit less, um,
it's still difficult to compete on
price.
>> Adriel Chan there, the chair of Hano
Properties, [music]
of course, one of Hong Kong's largest
developers, spoke to him just this week
about the outlook when it comes to FnB,
when it comes to Hong Kong's retail
sector. Although, you know, he did say
there are signs that possibly things are
bombing out. At least what that's what
investors have been pricing in right
now. Um, let's get a bit more about the
FnB sort of scene here. Timan, you may
have known them, right? The Jollibee
Group's flagship Chinese cuisine brand
has opened a new store in Hong Kong,
expanding its presence in the city to 10
locations. Now, that's twice or double
the number it had just a year earlier.
Now, the dim sum chain gained fame in
2010 as the world's most affordable
Michelin star restaurant. Joining us now
is Shan Lee, CEO of Timoan there. Uh
what an interesting week and certainly
has been a great news for Hong Kong. Uh
this this doubles your footprint in in
the city essentially now.
>> Yes.
>> Why double down? So it has actually been
an exciting journey, an exciting time
for us at Tim Hoan to be able to
actually double the journey within the
past one year itself. And I think as we
actually look at it uh since being part
of the Jollibee group, Tim Hwan has
actually flourished further because what
Tim Han was actually known for is
authentic Hong Kong dim sum uh of high
quality and of great value. But since
being part of the group in the past one
year, we've actually been able to
actually strengthen our operating
process, our systems. And this now
allows us to actually create and build a
sustainable and replicable model because
one of the things that is very important
for us at Tim Hoan is to ensure the
consistency of the food that we actually
offer across our restaurants around the
world.
>> What is the the road map then? If you've
doubled just in the space of a few
months in Hong Kong, we're talking about
do you have a target of of how many
restaurants you're looking at here say
by the end of this year?
>> I think for us how we actually look at
business is really to actually look at
the number of consumers or guests that
we're actually reaching around the
world. While there might actually be a
number in terms of number of stores,
what we first focus on is actually
sustainable growth and making sure that
our fundamentals are actually in place.
So beyond just the normal store
expansions itself, we're actually
looking at expansion in different areas.
For instance, uh in the market of Hong
Kong itself, uh delivery is actually a
fast growing trend. So that becomes a
new channel that we could actually tap
onto and being in the dim sum space that
is predominantly strong in the lunch day
part. We're now looking at how do we
actually create more uh customers coming
into our stores across the other
different day parts as well. So beyond
just physical store expansion, expansion
in our case would actually even include
new channels and different day parts as
well.
>> And I I remember the first time Tuna
opened back in 2009. You had a little
hole in the wall 20seater in Monk. You
you switched that quickly to Shamy Poe.
But to see that expand to now you've
you've ridden through the ups and downs
of of Hong Kong's FnB scene. There seems
to be now recently signs of optimism
coming back that perhaps things have
bottomed out a little bit. We just heard
from Adriel Chan from Hangong saying
look we're seeing foot traffic but
retail sales not quite need still needs
to catch up. What are you seeing in
terms of foot traffic right now? So to
start off with we have surely came a
long way from the 20 C restaurant to
actually having presence in 11 markets
globally right now and it is true we're
actually seeing uh we are seeing a bit
of a paradox in the market right now
whereby we're actually seeing that
there's a bit of a decline in certain
areas but there are growing
opportunities in other areas within the
food and beverage scene. So if I were to
actually look at some reports uh by the
Hong Kong uh census and statistics
department uh the food industry in 2025
was flat uh in the year uh before uh
this is already a bit of a progress
coming off a decline in the previous
year. And if you were to actually look
at quarter by quarter we're actually
seeing signs of encouraging traffic uh
growth. But having said that, from a
consumer perspective, uh it's not
everywhere that consumers are actually
going to.
>> Where where are they going then? That's
that's interesting.
>> Shenzhen, are they?
>> Well, they're going to Shenzhen, we
know. But but if you're saying that
there are some sectors in or areas in
Hong Kong that are performing better
than others or different different types
of consumer behavior, how how are you
sort of categorizing it?
>> I I think it's actually interesting what
we're actually seeing right now that
there's a divergence. You have one end
where consumers are actually seeking
value. uh that uh I need the best bang
for the buck uh and that those are the
places that I would actually be going
for. But similarly, the same group of
consumers would actually be willing to
actually indulge and spend over the
weekends. So, we're actually seeing on a
day-to-day basis, consumers are actually
looking for great value, but every now
and then on special occasions, they're
actually willing to actually spend a bit
more. And for Tim Hwan, this is a unique
space that we actually occupy because we
pride ourselves is serving high quality
authentic Hong Kong dim sum at
affordable pricing all together. So this
is not only in Hong Kong. This is
something that we're actually seeing
across global markets in all the markets
that we operate in as well.
>> It's it's the young consumers, right?
They're much more budget conscious. They
maybe opt out for fine dining for
something that is more affordable as you
say. This northbound travel trend
though,
>> is there any way to offset that? I think
some of the trends are actually there to
stay and this is actually a good
reminder for us in the Hong Kong FnB or
hospitality scene to really look at what
are the gaps, what are the areas we
could actually further focus on. If I
were to actually look back at Tim Han
for instance when we started the
priority the focus was really on the
kitchen and the quality of the food that
still remains our core guiding principle
today. But having said that good quality
food itself is not enough today. Where
we are actually seeing uh in the
northbound consumption is really the
quality of service and this is where we
have actually really upped our service
ensure that we're actually creating a
overall improved guest experience. So I
think it's a combination of this kind of
things. Uh the trends are here to stay,
but what we can actually do in the Hong
Kong market is really to see how we can
catch up and to actually create an
overall satisfying guest experience for
people walking through our doors.
>> How do you uh how do you plan that
expansion? Because you have different
sort of models. You've got the company
operated, you've got the joint venture,
and you've also got the franchise or the
franchisee model as well. How do you how
do you determine which model to take as
as you look at new markets and new
opportunities?
>> I think the way we actually look at it
is as we actually assess opportunities
market by market we really look at the
opportunities and where we could
actually leverage on the strengths of
partners or franchises in market and
where as a group as a company we do
believe that we have the right to win uh
by going direct via company operated
stores. So for instance in Hong Kong,
China, Singapore and most recently in
the United States, those are company
operated stores. But as we actually
assess opportunities geographically,
there are some areas whereby we do see
synergies by working with a local
franchisee who would know the market
better. So I think it's a combination of
the best of both worlds.
>> Yeah. I mean you have you have markets,
right? 11 markets as you say,
Philippines, China, Australia, Japan, I
mean US.
>> What markets still excite you? What do
you think you can still tap into and and
are there other geographies that you're
looking at now to expand to?
>> I think for us right now, Hong Kong
being the home market remains a
priority, but we're actually looking at
the United States as a key priority
market because if we were to actually
look at trends in the market itself,
we're actually seeing a growing need
where consumers are actually looking for
authentic Hong Kong dim sum. So this is
what we are one of the markets that
we're actually looking at uh expanding
across and we've actually set a goal to
open up another 20 stores by 2028 uh in
US itself.
>> Okay. Well um other cons terms of trends
is of course the rise in these GLP drugs
>> and we've seen it from many sort of
restaurant chains and the like that
saying you know people are consuming
fewer calories. they're choosing protein
over carbs now and they've really had to
force themselves to kind of rethink the
value, you know, the the menus or even
change their marketing. I mean, have
have you had to do anything?
>> So, one of the things that we've
actually done on our end is like dim sum
authentic Hong Kong taste remains the
core, but we're actually really trying
to understand and listen to our c uh
customers. We've actually put in place a
program which we call voice of customers
whereby we are really trying to
understand from our customers and guests
what they're actually looking for. So
recently we've actually launched a
couple of new menu items to complement
the course that we have that taps into
this kind of trends. One favorite
example that I could actually quote is
avocado dumplings. Uh
>> oh.
>> So that plays into the healthy trends as
well, right? Dumplings. So fried
dumplings is something which is
synonymous with dim sum. But when we
actually put it together with avocado
paste, it's not very authentic.
>> That is something which is [laughter]
unique. The dim sum and the dumpling
remains authentic though. Sorry, I'm I'm
I'm a local Hong Kong, so I get very
fired up about this stuff.
>> I am curious [laughter] though because
yeah, you've got these new avocado
dumplings, but but how does that stack
up against sort of the traditional pork
bun? What if you had to say three top
selling dishes globally? What are they?
>> So, for sure, our pork buns, our chas
would actually still be the bestselling
not only in Hong Kong, but around the
world. Uh that is what customers and
consumers come to our stores for. But
over and above, it's no surprise for
Hong Kong dim sum chain like oursel, our
top three items would actually be the
chas, the haka, and the sumai. Those
would actually be our top selling items
regardless of which market we operate
in.
>> Keep it traditional. That's always my
favorite. Sh. What's your favorite,
>> Sh? So, of course, it's a barbecue pork
bun. I think it's a must have every
single time I'm actually in store.
>> Yeah, that crunchy that crunchy top.
>> All right, we now got 10 stores
[laughter] in Hong Kong to choose from.
>> You got me hungry, Shang. Okay, thanks
so much for joining us. That was Sh CEO
of Timho One and you can explore uh live
streaming news actually and interviews.
This is launching today. This is our
Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis and more. So, it's all
in one place. This [music] is the new
video hub that's just launched. You can
actually drill down, look at what the
China show is doing in particular,
[music] but do check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, we're checking markets here
right now. Hang Sang is low by more than
1% here. Onure markets looking a little
bit better, but we're still seeing a
downturn about 610 of 1%. uh what you're
seeing here is really a continuation of
this retreat [music] when it comes to
the AI story, tech story, and the like
in this rotation into more of the value
sort of side of things here. So, we'll
continue to watch that and give you more
of an [music] update coming up. And
Shanghai crew continues to be higher
here. V slightly higher as well [music]
here in Hong Kong. Well, a lot more on
the way in the next hour. You're
watching the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
into the HSI just a half hour higher
into the session here and we are down by
about 1%. Ages tech is what's dragging
most of it and really this we continue
to watch really what goes on when it
comes to this whole rotation story right
out of AI plays here out of software and
really kind of into more the value parts
of the market. So that continues for
another day here today bill.
>> Yeah that's right and and really
interesting when you drill down into the
sectors that are sort of improving or or
doing better. It's it's it's definitely
that consumer discretionary as you say
and and and consumer staples I guess but
but Yum China is very much standing out.
Look at that gain there 7.5% for that
stock. So we've had earnings coming out
uh with those beat in the fourth
quarter. So of course something that the
the market likes uh chopping Wall Street
estimates essentially or the street
estimates but also we had an upgrade
from Jeff on the price target. Uh and
they're actually uh looking at at uh new
stores that are expected to be opened.
Uh so positive sales, transaction growth
as well and that year-on-year margin
should stay stable. So it is that sort
of broader rotation. We're seeing uh
Lapu Gold again could be their gold
story continuing to to have an impact
here. But let's take a look at what's
happening in the tech space because this
is certainly moving in the other
direction and what is dragging down the
overall hang today because we came into
the session there were lots of fears
still around this anthropic story of
this week how that's hitting software
stocks across the board. What does that
mean for entire sectors that could be
disrupted and and Asia is very much not
not immune to this sort of sentiment at
least for now. Maybe it's not going to
be as as deep the selling pressure, but
it's still having a big bearing when you
take a look at which sectors or or
benchmarks as well. I mean, it's it's
certainly the CODAC that's standing out
for the wrong reasons in the session
today. If you take a look at that so
far, CODAC is leading the losses here,
as is the Cosby down 2.5%, but Taiwan
also more than 1% to the downside. Even
though when you have companies like
Alphabet for instance uh that are
looking at at uh huge capex plans for
2026 a lot more than what Wall Street
was expecting that should be benefiting
names like Samsung uh Honghai SK Highix
but again not translating if you take a
look at those chip stocks not
translating in in the session so far
today because you can see particularly
in Korea some big losses thereon. Yeah,
I think SKhanx and Hanhire are one of
the bigger suppliers uh of Alphabet and
yes, as you mentioned, right, they
should be bucking the trend and actually
be benefiting from that massive capex uh
spend, but from Alphabet, but it's not
because it seems like this tech selloff
has really wiped out anything in AI's
path here right now that you know right
now the knee-jerk reaction is I'm going
to sell now. Um so certainly that's one
thing to watch here and whether we see
this sort of rotation further, right?
Because in the US what you saw in terms
of the breadth of this rotation is that
you know this is also could be a
positive signal right that things are
actually broadening out uh in this rally
to some of the small caps too other
parts of this market. Uh is that the
same case for Hong Kong? That certainly
is the key question because you take a
look at how uh the Asia at least MXP is
looking at here right now. That rotation
continues on right that massive sort of
red most of this is it right information
tech that's down some 2% uh on the
regional benchmark here today.
Financials are are usually how it's been
outperforming but that's also in the red
here today. But what really is emerging
in terms of value? Maybe it's the
consumption side of things. So consumer
staples, consumer discretionary, healthc
care, those are really what is catching
maybe a tactical sort of buy here right
now in the face of this rotation. Uh
interesting enough materials right you
know this this has been something that
has been really been a massive rally at
the start of the year given what we've
been seeing when it comes to commodities
precious metals and the like you know
has that route uh that we saw last week
really kind of weigh continue to weigh
on this sector that certainly is going
to be the key question here moving
forward. Yeah, I think it's a really
interesting one because part of that
rotation in the US is also an expression
of of conviction in in the outlook for
the US economy and I wonder whether the
concerns that still persist around China
in particular around property uh
consumer whether that actually justifies
you know the the the rotation to the
same extent but let's get more with our
managing editor for Asia Equities
Leanting 2 joining us from Singapore. So
is it like for like what we're seeing in
terms of of the rotation trade in Asia
and is it the same dynamics that's
driving it in the US that you see in
these markets as well?
>> Hi I would I would certainly say in
China that rotation trade actually has
been going on for quite a lot longer. Uh
in China if you look at MSEI China value
versus China growth it the
outperformance has been six months in a
row. I would say it's much longer than
what we're seeing in the US or globally.
Part of the reason is probably a bit of
an earlier awareness um of the tech
stretched valuation and also the low
valuation in the consumer sector. Part
of it is also sort of a safe haven type
of trade mentality because people are
going into the likes of banks of energy
and these are the companies that are
actually paying dividend rather than
those tech software names. So I would
say in China it's not really the kind of
optimism towards economy. It's more
about you know which companies can give
me a bit more dividend.
>> And what are you know the the analysts
and the like that you're talking to
saying right this this rotation is it
something that's more just technical
just given how overbought some of these
sectors were or do you think that
there's some sort of fundamental break
here?
I feel like in the US it seems the
rotation may have a little bit more legs
just because the tech rally has been
going on for three years since chat GPT
came into being three years ago. So um
there the MAX7 has really powered the
S&P S&P 500 rally over the last few
years. I can see the kind of unwinding
can take a little bit longer and the
money going into you know the non-Max7
companies can also take a little bit
longer but for Asia the AI trade
narrative is quite different I would say
the hardware names are mostly sitting in
Asia right the likes of Korea and Taiwan
all these chip makers component makers
or even in China the power transformers
who would have thought they were the
winners in the effort to build out
global data centers So I I would say for
for for Asia the kind of rotation into
these value names may be a little bit
more short-lived just because there's
still a lot of momentum towards buying
these memory chip makers. And if you
look at these recent earnings including
Qualcomm earnings they flagged that uh
memory chip shortage is really uh the
reason why they couldn't you know make
more chips for all these handset makers
and the handset makers especially in
China couldn't get enough chips. Uh and
if you look at uh Nintendo yesterday,
they flagged the same thing about memory
ship CH shortage. So that would all
translate to a bullish sentiment for
these uh Korean chip makers which indeed
are taking a little bit of pause right
now in in their rally.
Leanting, thanks so much for joining us.
That was our Bloomberg managing editor
for Asia Equities, Leanting 2. And just
in the last few moments, we've actually
had an alert crossing the terminal. This
relates to Indigo, which is Asia's
largest lowcost carrier. Uh we know that
that in December of last year they had a
severe system fail failure rather that
that really laid bare the limits of of
what has been a very rapid expansion for
the airline. So thousands of flights
that were cancelled over just a few days
and and the chaos essentially prompting
an intervention by India's aviation
regulators. So just in the last few
moments we've actually had India's
antitrust watchdog ordering a probe into
the into the airline. Uh this is going
to be over alleged fair surges and
cancellations of those flights again
just uh a couple of months back.
>> All right. Uh we'll see how the stock
reacts to that after once things open up
in India. Here turning now to one of our
top stories. President Trump says Xi
Jinping will come to the White House
towards the end of the year and that's
after they spoke by phone in what Trump
calls a long thorough and excellent
discussion. He spoke with Embassy News
anchor Tom Lamas.
>> What did you talk about with the leader
of China?
>> A lot of topics. We talked most
important topic. Is it is it chips? Is
it the wars in Ukraine? What what is
going on?
>> I would say the economy, the
relationship that we have with China. Uh
I'm going to be going there in April.
Then he's coming here at toward the end
of the year.
>> Coming to the White House.
>> He's coming to the White House. Yeah. Uh
toward the end of the year. We have a
very good relationship. And you know,
it's important that I have a good
relationship and for him that he has a
good relationship with me. We have to
have a good these are the two most
powerful countries in the world.
Let's bring in Mim Lo now our China
correspondent on you know we we've
gotten the readouts from both sides here
overall how do they differ what's the
same how are they aligned
>> yeah I would say just judging from that
interview alone it sounds like President
Trump has confirmed that she is going to
come uh [clears throat] yeah she is
going to come to visit the White House
before the end of the year which to me
sounds like a stabilization of relations
right this is the standard playbook for
a functional relationship he goes to
visit China and then China he returns
the favor and uh presidency comes to
visit. So in terms of the readout from
both sides, Trump posted on true social
uh a very positive tone there. He says
that his personal relationship with
presidency is quote extremely good. Uh
he talked about a range of issues,
everything from geopolitics, Taiwan,
Iran, Ukraine to trade, right? Just now
in the interview he mentioned economy is
the number one issue for the US and
those agricultural pledges from China
came through 20 million tons of soybean
purchases this harvest and uh 25 million
for the next harvest and they discussed
oil and gas purchase as well. Um but
when it comes to China, the readout
didn't mention any of these issues
except Taiwan. That was specifically
mentioned as the number one the most
important issue in US China relations
and saying that China will never allow
uh Taiwan to be separated from China and
warning the US that they need to
exercise a lot of caution especially
when it comes to arm sales to Taiwan.
>> Yeah. And I guess that's the real uh red
line for Beijing. What else happened for
for President Xi because of course he
had another call but this one was with
President Putin instead.
>> Yeah, just hours ago he had a one and a
half hour long video call. I mean I
don't even have that that long a call
with my best friends but yeah clearly
very close friends talking for an hour
and a half um video call and uh again if
you look at the readouts very short one
but it really shows you that the two
sides are presenting this very united
front right at a time when there's a lot
of uncertainty a lot of turbulence in uh
global markets there is you know the
Iran crisis going on um and of course
Russia and China are both aligned and
seeing Iran as this lynch pin in the
Middle East to counter balance against
the US. So, no surprise that they also
had a very long call just ahead of that
call with President Trump to align their
stance on how to deal with the US. Um,
and China also committing to continue to
open up its economy to Russia as well.
>> And this is all happening as Trump is
also hosting these 55 countries at this
critical mineral summit as well. What
came out of that one?
>> Yes. So this is a really largecale pitch
from the US to create a large trading
block with the rest of the world out
aside from China to to uh for critical
minerals trade to basically counter
China and to protect non-Chinese
companies from uh Chinese producers
undercutting glo global prices. So the
US has been pushing for a price flaw
mechanism that countries like Japan,
Mexico and even the EU have agreed to
and they're working towards a binding
multilateral agreement here. Um so it's
interesting the US has uh gotten a lot
of agreements out of this. They signed
11 bilateral agreements um and possibly
more to come because I think the EU and
the US have agreed to commit to conclude
an MOU within 30 days. Um, and so of
course this is something that would
threaten China's dominance in the rare
earth sector. They currently control
about 90% of the global refining
capacity. So it'll be interesting to see
how the Chinese foreign ministry or
commerce ministry respond to this or
whether they will have any specific
retaliatory moves.
>> Min, great reporting. That was our China
correspondent there, Mim Lo. And up
next, we're going to be hearing
exclusively from Silicon Motion and CFO
Jason Sai that says the key chip enabler
forecast first quarter revenue above
estimates despite rising fears and
concerns really around the dynamics that
we're seeing in in the memory chip
[music] market. But we'll have more on
that ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Well, the NASDAQ listed chip designer
Silicon Motion saw its shares jump.
That's after first quarter revenue
forecast or first quarter revenue
forecast came in much stronger than
expected. So, the stock had already
surged more than 71% last year. That's
as it rode the tech boom. But joining us
exclusively now is the company's CFO
Jason Sai uh from Ta T Taipei rather
this morning. So yeah, strong set of
results uh and you're saying that this
is really just the beginning of where
you go for 2026. So talk us through the
numbers and then and what were the key
takeaways from you?
>> Sure. Um you know at the start of 25 we
had anticipated exiting the year at a
billion dollar run rate. We ended up
with 278.5 million in the fourth quarter
which you know surpassed our initial
target. We saw strength across the
board. We've been gaining a lot of share
in mobile with eMMC and UFS. We've been
gaining a lot of share in PCs. And so as
that share has manifested into, you
know, much stronger results and a much
stronger backlog going into 2026. For
the first quarter, we're expecting to
grow 5 to 10% where normal seasonality
for us is typically closer to down 10%.
So this is a huge target to the year for
us and we believe we're only going to
get stronger throughout the year as
additional projects ramp as we scale
into AI infrastructure uh DPU products
as we scale into enterprise SSDs
designed for data centers and and AI
applications. So we're really excited
about this year but we think this is the
first of many strong years to come.
>> How are you looking at the first half?
Because you know if you look at the
industry trends obviously there's been a
slowdown in terms of PCs smartphone
growth there is also we're in this kind
of midst of a super cycle when it comes
to memory chip prices. To what extent
does do you think that's going to start
hurting demand uh for the rest of the
first half of this year? Yeah, I think
you know you're certainly hearing from
different PC OEMs, smartphone OEMs, and
even thirdparty research folks talking
about this year being certainly a lot
more challenging from a Univine
perspective as cost of components, cost
of memory continue to surge. That is
going to have some demand destruction.
We anticipate some of that already in
our model. But this backlog that we have
based upon the strong share gains, the
new product introductions, um, next
generation products that carry with it
much higher ASPs, all of those things
are going to help us be counter to kind
of the macro issues surrounding um, and
market unit volumes, etc. So, we're
seeing a lot more outsourcing by the
flash makers. We're seeing a lot more
opportunities to gain share. And so
that's what we've been focused laser
focused on over the last few years is
winning more of those sockets, getting
our engineering teams up and running in
order to support these additional
platforms and and customers. And we're
now really starting to see kind of reap
the rewards of those investments here
beginning in early 26. But this will be
a multi-year cycle for us.
>> Yeah. Yeah, cuz of course in the
earnings you you you highlighted several
times the the the strong relationships
that you have uh with flash makers,
OEMs, device makers as well. So you've
been able to secure NAND supply, but but
talk us through how much NAND you've
been stockpiling for instance and how
long you think you're as well insulated
in this market.
>> So we were buying NAND since early last
year um in anticipation of the tightness
that was going to be coming. um we're
still procuring and I think some of the
new projects that we have with the
leading AI um GPU company infrastructure
company out there you know we're
building boot drives for them and that's
going to require some much higher
densities. We're going from 128 and 256
gig to upwards of a terabyte um over the
course of this year and then into 2027.
So we are certainly looking to procure
more NAND. We have secured uh we're
working with two NAN makers. We've
secured one uh source. We're working
closely with the other nan maker to make
sure that we've got continuous source.
Um but given our strong relationship of
more than 20 years of working with nan
makers, um you know, we see we we are in
well positioned with them in order to
make sure that we can secure that supply
longer term. So we're confident that we
can do it. We're confident that we can
supply our customers that are depending
on us for these boot drives for these
data processing units that are essential
to next generation GPU CPU platforms.
And so we're really excited by, you
know, our our entrance into this AI
infrastructure market and then, you
know, expanding that into uh enterprise
storage for those those applications
here in the near future.
We we'll get to the the the the exposure
to that AI data center in just a moment,
but but first on the on more on the the
consumer side to the business
if you are getting for instance Qualcomm
that's highlighting that they're going
to see weakness in in in the devices
market and and concerns really about a
slowdown in smartphones for instance but
other other consumer electronics
products this year. Does that hurt you
more on the demand side?
I think certainly you know as with all
things right if the unit volumes are
growing nicely that's going to be a
benefit to everybody but I think you
know what sets us apart is even in
challenging times like today where you
have the higher memory prices where you
are seeing some demand destruction being
able to grow beyond kind of the macro is
what we've been really planning for um
you know we wanted to make sure that we
could take our own destiny into our own
hands. So by winning more share, gaining
more share, winning more projects with
flashmakers as they were looking to
outsource more and leveraging that 20
plus year relationship with every flash
maker out there has given us a
tremendous amount of
opportunity here to scale and grow in
spite of these macro challenges that
you're seeing from a unit volume
perspective because of the higher
prices. Certainly you're going to see
the PC market decline this year.
Certainly, you're going to see
smartphone markets decline this year
because the component costs are getting
much higher. But even in spite of that,
then that's all been built into our
models that we look at internally. In
spite of that, we believe we can still
grow very strongly this year. Q1, you
know, again, counter counter seasonal
for our business right now that we're
seeing backlog would indicate that this
strength will continue throughout the
rest of this year. This is not a pull
ahead. This is not anything like that.
This is true demand that we're seeing
from our customers as we gain share. So,
we're really excited that even in
difficult times that we're going to be
able to outshine other peers in this
industry.
>> Yeah. You mentioned about how you you
guys have certainly been showcasing some
of the AI storage solutions that you can
provide. I mean, talk to me about this
whole PCIe5,
the transition process and and when do
you think you're you're going to start
to see that in the earnings?
>> Yep. So, you know, we PCI 5 is is a big
product for um for both client uh client
SSDs as well as for the enterprise. And
so for those products, you know, for
client SSDs, we're starting to see that
ramp up. For the enterprise products, we
are in sampling with customers already
for uh those products. We expect that to
on the enterprise side, our Mont Titan
enterprise SSDs, we expect that to begin
scaling here in the back half of this
year and then scaling more meaningfully
going into 27. We anticipate these
Montitan uh enterprise SSD controllers
to account for 5 to 10% of our business
by the time we exit this year as we go
into 2027. So, it's it's a it's a huge
green field opportunity for us. Um, and
you know, we've lined up six customers,
two tier one customers. were well
exposed to to CSPs and large enterprises
in both the US as well as in China and
Asia. And so we're excited by the
opportunity as the pricing of storage
both hard drives and nan get more and
more expensive the need for high
capacity lower cost storage it becomes
greater and greater. So the demand that
we're seeing the inbound interest that
we're receiving continues to get better
and better each day.
Jason, I know you don't you're not part
of the software side of things. I want
to get your take on the sell-off that
we're seeing across software shares. Uh
given this anthropic AI tool, you know,
there is this whole kind of concern that
this is going to disrupt, if not
eradicate industries in SAS and the
like. How do you view this? Do you think
that, you know, some of these concerns
are overdone?
>> Look, I think, you know, this is the
next industrial revolution, right? and
and what we're seeing in AI, what's
going on right now, I think, you know,
as with all industrial revolution type
events, you're going to see a change in
the way people do things, right? And so,
I don't necessarily think that
industries will die. I think people will
pivot and find new ways of developing
their skills in order to accommodate for
the new tools that are being presented
in front of them. How do we use the
tools better? Right? It's not about no
no longer needing those people, but it's
using those people to use those new
tools more efficiently to improve
outcomes, improve lives. And so I think,
you know, certainly there's always going
to be a bit of consternation early on in
a cycle, but I think ultimately what
we'll see is improving opportunities for
everyone with AI, with the ramp of these
new uh capabilities and tools.
Jason, great to have you Jason inside
there, CFO at Silicon Motion. Another
big interview coming up your way on
Bloomberg television. We're going to
speak with the Qualcomm CEO Cristiano
Aman on Bloomberg Tech. Make sure to
check out that one. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, taking a look at how markets
are trading uh at the midpoint of the
morning session this morning, but we are
seeing rather the dollar trading fairly
steady [music] so far. It had been
advancing earlier against most of its
G10 peers. What else we're tracking is
the Cosby. It's certainly leading the
tech selloff in the session today down
3% at this point and [music] Hangen Tech
if we stay at these levels. We will end
the day uh in in correction down [music]
20%. But more ahead, silver under
pressure. This is Bloomberg
[music]
20. Well, 11:29 I should say. in Tokyo.
Jaffy's markets are heading to that
lunch break here right now. Yeah, we got
that 30-year bond sale happening later
on in the next few hours or so. Um, when
you take a look at what the the appetite
was going to be, that's going to be up
for, you know, a big question there just
given that, you know, we have seen this
volatility in the long ending of the
curve, given some of these concerns
around Takahuchi, this plan to cut uh
food sales, taxes, and then, of course,
we have the snap election that's
happening on Sunday as well. So, we'll
see how that all plays out. But you take
a look at how JGBs are doing. the
30-year yield uh is one to watch. I
mean, we're still hovering around those
record highs right now.
>> Yeah. But but but overall, it's it's a
riskoff session. If you take a look at
how we're fairing broader markets in
Asia today, it's it's really tech that's
bearing the brunt of it and certainly
accelerating because you you think about
the Cosby for instance, you're 3% in in
the red so far. The IT index, you can
see the absolute lagard in the session
of 2.3% so far, too. So really again
following what we had in the Wall Street
session overnight, fears about the
disruptive nature essentially of of AI
technologies that are that are hitting
lots of different corners. Bonds, uh,
private credit, equities, of course, the
the f first and foremost.
>> Yeah, it seems like everything is kind
of falling in AI's path, right? Even
silver, uh, is continuing to see and
extending those losses there. We're down
some 5%. So uh, you're seeing it across
most of sectors as as as Bel mentioned
here. I think the only kind of you know
solace is that US futures are actually
in the positive territory here. The
dollar is also still bit up. So uh we'll
see as you mentioned right the
broadening out of the US rally I is is
not just about rotation but it's a sense
that you know this is an economy that's
still growing above trend right. So
maybe there is still some positivity
here in across risk assets the like.
>> Yeah. All right, let's uh talk about
Australia's largest pension fund. That's
Australian Super as well because it's
hunting for private equity deals in Asia
to grow its portfolio. Uh speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, its chief
executive Paul Schroeder also discussed
their tech allocation amid a sell-off in
the sector.
>> We're heavily exposed uh to tech and
we're invested heavily there. Um of
course it's going to be a really
important part of the future, but nobody
quite knows what its form's going to be.
I I like to remind people that railways
started in 1825 and the iPhone arrived
in 2007
and and chat GPT went to the public in
uh November 2022. So so we we're still
early days just starting to mature.
We're seeing a bit of extra capex at the
moment. We're watching valuations. We're
thinking about future earnings. But you
know is AI the big story? Of course. Is
it going to be disruptive to software?
Almost certainly. Is it going to be
disruptive in other ways? Of course. But
but nobody quite knows uh just how.
>> Yeah. So, how do you separate these
AIdriven gains uh from the real thing or
or just hype? Do you have any concerns
that when you look at this AI trade,
does it any of it look like a bubble
like shades of the dot bubble? Oh, well,
I think I think the fundamental thing to
know about Australian Super is that
we're an active investor and you know,
the world is swimming in passive cash
and passive capital and and our people
spend a great deal of time looking for
value and where we're going to generate
free cash flow in the future. So, you
know, we we're not we're not just
following the index here. We're we're
very thoroughly carefully thinking about
who's who are the likely winners, who
are the likely ones to create long-term
value, but most importantly, who's got
the capex right, who's going to have the
earnings right, and who's going to have
a sustainable business model in the
future in the context of a globally
diversified portfolio. and and of course
that's so important to investors and and
to the members of the fund that they've
got exposure in various markets, various
sectors and across all asset classes.
>> Okay. So in terms of being active and
globally diversified, are you
redeploying money to Asia from the US or
elsewhere?
>> We're very strong on the US. Um you know
it's it's it's been the source of the
greatest earnings and wealth over the
over over the years. I just to give you
one example. If you had $100 and you
invested in European markets in 1920,
it's worth $19,200
today. If you had the same $100 and
invested in the US markets in in 1920,
it's worth $104,600
today. Five times. So all the so many of
the great companies are in the US. So
many so much of the deep earnings is in
the US. So we're strong the US, but
we're coming from behind. about 35% of
the portfolio is exposed uh to the US.
So we're strong in the US. We're
investing in the US. We've got a great
office there in in New York to to help
us invest well for members. But it's
also true that we are diversifying and
thinking about Asia, especially through
the PE lens because Asia is going to
represent 42% of GDP in not too long.
>> Now you did mention PE there that that
is attracting some significant interest
at the moment. Can you tell us a little
bit more about your strategy for private
equity investing?
>> Private equity represents to us
obviously the greatest opportunity, the
greatest opportunity for reward, but
also risk and it's also an expensive way
to invest. So, we're thinking very
deeply about PE. Our our global head of
PE is is based in New York. Our our
future is one of more PE. Probably about
4% of the portfolio is PE at the moment.
We probably get to 10. The fund's going
to triple over that time. So you can see
the the size of the exposure growing.
And where we are at the moment is just
at the beginning of our plan to expand
our PE exposures in Asia and across Asia
and as I say across various countries.
So PE is going to be very important to
us. It's a very important part of
building Australian super members
retirement balances.
I imagine we could double our exposure
in a fund that's tripling. It's it's
it's a co-underwrite co-invest deep
partners high quality GP strategy that
we're implementing and it's one that
we're now thinking about expanding in
into Asia.
>> So if you're going to expand this into
Asia, which particular markets would you
be looking at and how do you navigate
around some of the transparency risks
when it comes to private markets?
>> It's very important that we do this
prudently and thoughtfully. We we've had
um we've had some really good
experience. We've got an office in
Beijing which helps us a great deal.
We've had some really great experience
in India. We're uh energized about where
Japan is um at the moment and and and
and and the opportunities that exist
there. So I I I don't want to foreshadow
exactly what we'll be doing and where,
but I think you you it's more likely
that those opportunities will exist in
those strong uh more developed nation um
economies where we've already got
existing uh connections and and
relationships.
Australian
super chief executive Paul Schroeder
there speaking to Paul Allen there and
just we want to check you out and show
you and flash out a new feature that's
really gone online today. It's called
the Bloomberg video hub. You can explore
live streaming news and interviews all
our Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis and more. And it's all
in one place, right? So you can watch
all the things there. Also, if you want
to check out stuff from the China Show
specifically, you can also do that, too.
If you just kind of scroll over, you'll
see uh some of the different shows and
what is featured out there as well. So,
yes, bloomer.com/videos.
There you go. Right there. Right. Right
there.
>> Friday place. [laughter]
>> Click on it. Click on it.
>> New feature launching today. So, yeah,
as as Ivon said, you can go by by show,
you can go by topic. Lots of breaking
news as well that we're going to be
having there. So, it is your
destination. Do check it out. This is
Bloomberg.
Let's head back to our coverage of the
Malaysia Economic Forum in KL there. Our
very own April Hong is standing by with
our next guest. April.
>> Yeah. Kim C. Lim is CIO focused on
financial institutions and global funds
at the China backed Asian infrastructure
investment bank. Kinsey, great to see
you. Thank you for having me on the
show. A real good morning to you all.
>> So maybe you can start big picture for
us. What are Beijing's focal points when
it comes to infrastructure outreach in
the region as things stand? So at AIB,
our mandate is clear and our mission is
to finance infrastructure for tomorrow.
And that means working with our member
countries, which we now have 111
approved members to work on their
members sustainable development goals
focused on infrastructure.
and
talk to us also about when it comes to
payments of some of these loans, what is
the currency that is typically used?
>> So, we are a US dollar denominated bank,
which means we report our uh results and
earnings in US dollars, but we work with
our member countries depending on their
preferences for currencies. We can offer
a variety of currencies in uh in the
investments that we provide. uh which
could include euros, yens, R&B, uh Thai,
Turkish LRA and so on.
>> Is there more of a push to use more
Roman?
>> It depends on our what our member
countries uh and the clients require. We
do not um uh recommend or we do not
suggest one currency over the other. It
depends on what their financing needs
are. But this is also coming at a time
where uh China has a goal of
internationalization of the UN. Is that
something that you know is being put
into the equation when it comes to
infrastructure investments in region?
I think you know given the the the
current landscape as you said where
there's um dislocation in supply chain
and there's a uh companies that look at
trade differently naturally many
countries and companies will want to
diversify their sources of supply their
sources of financing and along with that
there could come a demand for a
diversification of currencies in which
they trade and uh finance their
operations which I think is quite
natural uh in today's environment.
>> So what are the infrastructure needs for
the region? What are the gaps and how is
AIB looking to fill that?
>> So let's focus on ASEAN for example. Um
there has been a lot of progress in
ASEAN uh in terms of the energy
transition. we see renewable energy
being uh added to the mix quite rapidly
uh and with with quite a lot of success.
uh where we see more need uh or more
work that needs to be done is in the in
the crossber connectivity piece because
when you look around ASEAN there are
some countries that are more naturally
endowed with natural resources for
example Laos which has a lot of hydro
resources and there are other countries
in the region which are not so
wellendowed so connecting ASEAN as a
energy system will allow the countries
to have lower cost,
>> will allow Lao for example to diversify
its export revenues by exporting excess
renewable power
>> which makes sense in terms of the AEN
power grid and the need for the
connectivity. But how do you view this
as an investor given the concerns that a
crossborder arrangement comes with you
know how much compatibility is there
when it comes to national systems for
example or regulatory levels? Absolutely
right, Ail. It is a complex and
challenging uh project that requires um
many levels of stakeholder engagement.
For example, to harmonize contracts
because each sovereign will have its own
energy system, own energy contracts and
tariffs. In order for there to be a
truly integrated regional energy system,
there needs to be a harmonization across
the parties. In order for that energy to
flow fairly and at a competitive rate,
MDBs like us which count the ASEAN
members as our shareholders have that
convening power to bring the parties to
the table to discuss and agree on a
system that works for all. We our role
is to be a neutral partner in this
discussion in order to allow for the
parties to convene and discuss what
would work and that's the role that uh
AIB alongside our MDB partners like the
World Bank and ADB uh are working with
our partners to to
>> and recently AIB signed an agreement
with some of the Malaysian lenders right
to provide support for ASEAN but I
WONDER IS THERE YOU know how much you
can share with us in terms of how much
capital is being deployed to Malaysia
specifically.
>> So AIB has just recently launched into
Malaysia as um as uh late as October of
last year and the $6 billion letter of
intent that we signed with the four
leading banks is our first step uh into
coming into investing in Malaysia. We
believe that partnership is very strong
and it's the right one especially for
crossber and regional uh connectivity
projects. For example,
um most of the large Malaysian banks
that we sign with have a regional
footprint, meaning branches um and local
presence in the ASEAN countries.
And we as an MDB have the global view
and the partnership of those two
elements will allow us to find bankable
projects, make the projects bankable and
therefore make a vision like the ASEAN
power grid a step closer to reality.
>> This is all coming at a time where data
center demand is straining power grids.
I wonder with these renewable energy
projects, what do you see as the role
that they can play to perhaps alleviate
some of that stress on the systems?
>> Absolutely. Digitalization of the grid
is important because AI technologies can
be used to predict demand and supply
along the grid. There could also be
technological uh applications that can
help balance the load on the grid. Um
but these all require investment and
also patient capital for some of these
newer technologies to achieve commercial
scale. MDBs can provide that patient
capital uh to to to work with these
newer technologies to allow for time for
these technologies to develop from
concept to execution.
>> Okay, Kimy, good to get your uh insights
on this space. Thanks very much for
sharing this. Kimy Lib is chief
investment officer of public sector
financial institutions and funds at AID.
Bel
>> April, great conversation there and
we're going to have more from the
Malaysia economic forum now because the
economy minister says he's confident of
reaching his government's growth target
for this year of up to 4.5%. He told us
exclusively about Malaysia's bets on AI
and the digital economy. That
conversation with Averil also earlier
the day.
When we look from the performance of
2025,
it shows that we remain resilient,
competitive at the global uh segment.
But at the same time, definitely moving
towards 2026 as what we mentioned in our
13 Malaysia plan. It's going to be about
digital economy. It's going to be the
focus on AI and definitely uh we are
looking uh towards all these uh higher
uh value or the value creation based
economy uh for us to maneuver all these
challenges ahead.
>> Yeah. So with all these measures under
way that growth projection for this year
I think is 4 to 4 and a.5% correct me if
I'm wrong.
>> Yeah. Is there any room for revising it
upwards then given how you're seeing the
tailwinds evolve for the Malaysia?
>> Well, because I mean we have to uh look
into more uh overall overview definitely
in term of domestic economy. Uh we
believe we have that strength but at the
same time we cannot rule out this
ongoing geopolitical challenges. So
that's why I think uh it's not for me to
revise easily the numbers but definitely
showing four to 4.5% shows how confident
we are to continue to to say to tell to
the world that Malaysia economy is still
open. we are actually going to be
competitive and definitely uh in 2026 as
a minister of economy I want to see we
one more time to beat our own prediction
on economic growth
>> on those geopolitical concerns that you
raised how worried are you that chip
tariffs could escalate and is the
Malaysian government ready to provide
support in that event for the
semiconductor industry
>> uh well uh like when we was uh uh I mean
in term of how we continually uh
engagement and negotiation with the US
we manage to bring down the reciprocal
tariff from 25% to 19%. So in that sense
definitely is within our interest to
provide the most conducive and
productive environment for our suppliers
and it also uh shows our uh certainty to
continually engage with uh the US, China
and whatnot but definitely uh when we
talk about semiconductor
Malaysia is number six in the world
>> but our strength more towards the back
end about the packaging about the
testing but that's why uh moving ahead
for us to remain competitive we need to
move from the back end to the front end
uh so that's why uh I think in term of
the cheap design this is what we are
actually trying to to uple yeah towards
the value creation economy uh because if
not if we remain complex with what we
have today things are getting tougher
and getting more challenging so that's
why for me uh it's not just to talking
about what will happen in the next few
months but also moving up the value
chain so that we are going to be
resilient for the next two three years
>> and that was Malaysia's economy minister
in Koala Lumpur we're tracking when it
comes to silver prices here this morning
uh just to show you how fragile the mood
is out there right when you have silver
you have crypto uh even when the costby
is falling just just goes to show uh we
are definitely losing some momentum here
this unwind is continuing on silver
basically is down. These are the spot
prices a 13 close to 14% downside here
right now for silver here today. So
certainly that's one thing to watch uh
given that you know the dollar gains
that certainly is there's a lot of I
guess risk management around AI that
seems to continue to take hold here
today. Now if you are a subscriber and
want to watch all the interviews that
we've been talking to you about and
showing you this morning just go to TV
go. You can also become part of the
conversation [music] by sending us
instant messages. Check it out at tvgo.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, we're seeing quite a big pain
trade that's really emerging or
accelerating [music] in the session this
morning because even gold that actually
rose yesterday uh is giving up and and
falling back below that 5,000 threshold
today. So, you're off 3% so far. Of
course, you can't uh mistake what's
happening in the silver market as well
because you stack up against uh silver
with with the likes of of uh the Bitcoin
trade as well, for instance. You're just
continuing to see those losses
accelerating. So, lots of traders are
quite jittery, it seems, right now, and
you see that movement back into the
dollar essentially.
>> Yeah, silver prices down 13% intraday.
Uh we certainly haven't seen that since
wow, last Friday maybe. So, you know,
certainly the the two days of gains that
we saw basically have been evaporated
now just from the the price action that
we're seeing right now. That is against
of course a stronger dollar story. Uh
that's going to be one thing to watch.
And even like a market like Korea,
right, which up until now has been
almost like teflon
>> that they have also fallen victim to of
course this tech selloff. And Cosby,
there you go. We're seeing it down about
3%. Cause also down about 3% here.
Taiwan is also being dragged down here
at HStech. Now, if if we continue this
way, it looks like we might ink finally
here that technical of reaching that
bare market.
>> Yeah, because I think we just need to
recap really what should have been a
driver for the Cosby today and that is
Alphabet's numbers and this capex number
that blew way past estimates. So,
they're saying that's going to come in
at around up to $185 billion this year.
That should be benefiting names uh like
like SKH Highix for instance, which is a
big supplier to them. Let's take a look
at that tech story in more detail uh
because it is very broad-based a selloff
and quite exceptional on a day as well
and probably bad timing for BU to
announce this dividend and share
buyback.
>> I mean even they're not immune now they
were positive now they're back to
negative territory.
>> They're negative but but again it just
sort of tells you hitting the platform
companies these concerns chip stocks
chip link stocks like SMIC where has
[music] been a big bright spot though is
the consumer side in China.
>> Yeah. Is this sort of the tactical
rotation play, right? When you take a
look at Yum China [music] for example,
earnings were pretty good there. They're
seeing the stock up some 8% with Jeffre
upgrading their price target as well.
PopMart also getting a pop this morning.
That's it for us here in the China
[music] show. Inside is next.